being a centerfold is the highest honor
there is it says I'm naked in the middle
of a magazine Shelley was living the
dream until she did the one thing a
bunny should never do
she got Oh 27 but that's 59 and bunny
ears I'm gonna need you to blow on this
yes
I was just doing what he said looks like
a mini Playboy Mansion now this is a
school this bunny is going to teach
these girls
everyone thinks for losers I'm a bunny
men write to me from prison the tricks
of her trade they really want to help
you guys because I know I can do it
Shelby
where's ro I'm just walking around in
the body God and dr. Brookman gave me
this here is harmony this thing I do to
remember people's names daddy
Wow you hired the Exorcist to clean up
their act the eyes are the nipples of
the face and turn this house I can make
you eat hottest girls on campus upside
down are you think these glasses don't
make me dizzy or anything oh we are
gonna have the most rockingest party
sometimes helping your friends together
we can do anything is the best way to
help yourself
gimme see boys just being boys thank
goodnes wanna Ferris is the House Bunny
[Music]